Stork guide minor improvements and cross linking (#26508)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/stork-kubernetes.adoc

and pull requests should be submitted there:
https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/tree/main/docs/src/main/asciidoc
////
= Using Stork with Kubernetes
:extension-status: preview

include::./attributes.adoc[]

This guide explains how to use Stork with Kubernetes for service discovery and load balancing.

> If you're new to Stork, please read the xref:stork.adoc[Stork Getting Started Guide].

Reviewer: Let's try to be a bit more formal:
```suggestion
If you are new to Stork, please read the xref:stork.adoc[Stork Getting Started Guide].
```
